i want to start with more units of ads. i want to go from ads on the homepage and on the search results page, it will be a full page ad, but then after the user scrolls down past it, it goes away for the rest of the page, if you click a link to other pages, you will see one top bar horizontal ad and then when the user scrolls, its gone, every new page will launch with top bar horizontal ad.

then when we hit break even, with user subscriptions, then we can reduce ad revenue, then when we hit next user tier, then we reduce ads more. first the search page ones, that will feel the biggest change. then the link pages ads will go. then the homepage ads will go. and those ads will decrease only when our revenue hits the appropriate level. i want to maintain a healthy profit margin in order to increase the amount we give to charity and we can lower user costs at the appropriate times in order to achieve an ad free experience for everyone. I want the premium users to have ads, but they will be one or two tiers ahead of the free users, so they'll have less ads first, then the free tiers, and so on. 

adjust the pricing plan to include these things. 

i like the new tiers with free, creator, pro. drop the .99 bs though. just make it $25 after tax. thats what the user pays. 25.00, 10.00, not .99. 

i like all of the transparency and roadmap to show the users when their cost structure will be lowered.

at 5,000 users at 24.99 per month, we'll have 1.3M to reinvest? if we have 1.3M to reinvest then we aren't lowering our price quick enough. and we could increase our charitable givings. 

break even with 50 members and 2 enterprise clients. what are we assuming in terms of traffic to hit 15k in ad revenue?

ok lets talk funding needs. technically i can keep working on this web app forever until its ready to go and then when im getting close i'll have more testers and then i'll open it up to the public for a week and let them break it, then i'll take it down and then i'll improve based on their feedback, then i'll contract a dev to work with me on all of these things. and get it ready for launch. and thats when we'll start building the invitation waitlist and slow roll it out to build demand a bit. 

how much time should i give myself to build this? knwoing that im coding this totally with an agent. 
what is your timeline for release?
